# CSE221_project

## File System
1. **Size of file cache**: Note that the file cache size is determined by the OS and will be sensitive to other load on the machine; for an application accessing lots of file system data, an OS will use a notable fraction of main memory (GBs) for the file system cache. Report results as a graph whose x-axis is the size of the file being accessed and the y-axis is the average read I/O time. Do not use a system call or utility program to determine this metric except to sanity check.
2. **File read time**: Report for both sequential and random access as a function of file size. Discuss the sense in which your "sequential" access might not be sequential. Ensure that you are not measuring cached data (e.g., use the raw device interface). Report as a graph with a log/log plot with the x-axis the size of the file and y-axis the average per-block time.
3. **Remote file read time**: Repeat the previous experiment for a remote file system. What is the "network penalty" of accessing files over the network? You can either configure your second machine to provide remote file access, or you can perform the experiment on a department machine (e.g., APE lab). On these machines your home directory is mounted over NFS, so accessing a file under your home directory will be a remote file access (although, again, keep in mind file caching effects).
4. **Contention**: Report the average time to read one file system block of data as a function of the number of processes simultaneously performing the same operation on different files on the same disk (and not in the file buffer cache).
